README.md, before:

# MFGx React + Redux Test

This repository contains a simple React counter application with a basic Redux setup.  This can help serve as a guide toward implementing Redux in your application.

Your task is to create a todo list application using React and Redux with the following functionality: 
  - Display a list of todos
  - Remove and Add todos
  - Please note: A todo can be just a single string.
  
Once completed, send a link to your repository and a copy of your resume to [careers@mfgx.rocks](mailto:careers@mfgx.rocks)!

## Configuration

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).  The following information comes from the Create React App readme.

### Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

#### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

#### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br>
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

#### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

Commit message:

Update README.md To Include Optional Requirements.

README.md, after:

# MFGx React + Redux To Do Application Test

This repository contains a simple React counter application with a basic Redux setup. This can help serve as a guide toward implementing Redux in your application.

Your task is to create a to do list application using React and Redux with the following functionality:

1. Display a list of to dos
2. Add to dos
3. Remove to dos

Please note: A todo can be just a single string.

Once completed, send a link to your repository and a copy of your resume to [careers@mfgx.rocks](mailto:careers@mfgx.rocks)!

## Optional Requirements

Complete our [Express API Test](https://github.com/mfgxio/express-api-test) and integrate your new backend with your frontend.

## Configuration

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app). The following information comes from the Create React App readme.

### Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

#### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.

You will also see any lint errors in the console.

#### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.

See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

#### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.

Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.
